Previously on "Legends of
Tomorrow" and "Arrow"...
Kuasa is my granddaughter.
Darhk and his daughter
are just too powerful.
They have magic that
we don't understand.
John Constantine.
[CHANTING]
What, you've never seen magic before?
The last time we met, I saved your soul.
Now there's the demon over
there possessing a little girl.
He knows your name.
- Sara Lance.
- Who's there?
I am Mallus.
[CACKLES]
[RUMBLING]
[SNARLING]
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[DISTANT WOMAN SCREAMS]
[WOMAN'S SCREAMING ECHOES]
Sir?
Visiting hours are over.
[CHANTING]
You never saw me and, uh,
everything is perfectly normal.
♪ ♪
Perfectly normal.
[DOOR CREAKS]
Emily.
[THUNDER CRACKS]
Hey, sweetheart.
It's me again.
John.
I didn't think you'd find me
after they locked me up in here.
His voice, it's so loud.
He says I can't fight him.
Well, let's prove the
nasty git wrong, shall we?
Come on, let's get you up.
[SOFT GRUNT]
♪ ♪
All right, love. This,
uh, might sting a bit.
- Exorcizamus te...
- [YELPS]
Omnis immundus spiritus,
omnis satanica potestas,
omnis incursio infernalis,
- et virtute Domini Nostri!
- [SPINE CRACKS]
Go back to the place
from whence thou come!
- [SCREAMING]
- I cast thee out!
[NECK CRACKS]
[DEEP VOICE] You cannot
save this one, Constantine.
You've already failed her,
just as you failed Astra.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Omnis legio, omnis legio,
omnis congregatio et secta diabolica.
This vessel is mine.
Even now, her soul slips into the dark
to be joined by another,
a friend of yours.
[NECK CRACKS]
Sara...
[NORMAL AND DEEP VOICE] Lance.
Sara?
How do you know Sara?
Tell me! Tell me!
Sir!
I don't know how you got in here,
but I have contacted the authorities
and will press charges.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, love.
I can explain.
And don't get your pearls in a twist.
If you'll just look at this here coin...
I will do nothing of the...
[COIN FLICKS]
[COIN SHIMMERING]
[CLINKING]
[EXCITING MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Sara Lance.
What the bloody hell have
you gotten yourself into?
♪ ♪
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
We'll get to your demon,
but how did you even find me?
Oh, simple, that. I
attuned a dowsing dagger
to your specific energy,
I followed it from there.
And I thought time travel was weird.
Well, you are not
wrong about that, love.
[DOORS WHIRRING]
Blimey.
Whoo, this is one hell of
a jam jar you've got here.
I thought we gave the
Englishman to the Time Pigs.
That was Rip. This is John Constantine.
Skinny Brit in a trench coat.
Same thing.
Oh, doubtful, mate.
You see, I am an accomplished warlock,
an expert of the occult,
and a master of exorcism.
I'm also a Taurus, for
those of you taking notes.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
The Anansi Totem.
- That belongs to...
- Her granddaughter.
Same totem, different
Vixen. She's from 1942.
You were saying about
that "warlock" thing?
Accomplished warlock, mate.
Well, I am charmed
to know another who
bears the family name.
It's an honor.
So, what's your story then, handsome?
I'm from another Earth,
and I'm spoken for.
Yeah, his girlfriend's a guy.
Anyway, this is too much for me.
I'm gonna watch TV.
I've nearly finished
assembling our new Nanite pistol.
Soon, it's gonna be,
"Look out, Darhks."
[MIMICS BLASTING SOUND]
One blast of this baby,
and Damien's gonna wish he'd
never come back from the dead.
[BLOWS]
Well, that is, once the code's finished.
- It's not a race, Ray.
- No, of course not.
We're all winners here.
Just, you know, some winners
are faster than other winners.
This code will replicate
the combustive effects of
a Heat and Cold gun crossing
streams using nanotech,
the only thing that's
made them flinch so far.
You really wanna rush me?
No, no, no, no.
Besides, the last explosion in this lab
caused a "Freaky Friday" Firestorm.
[SOFT LAUGH]
[SOMBER MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I miss them, too.
I broke into the loony
bin to perform an exorcism.
And while I was at it,
that demon called your name.
Said you'd soon be
slipping into the dark.
And I figured if Emily's demon
knows you on a first name basis
you might know something that
can help me save you both.
I don't need saving.
And I am done fighting demons.
You think this has something to do
with the demon we're fighting?
I was speaking of them
metaphorically, but
yes, I did recently
visit the spirit world.
It's a long story, but it's probably how
the demon knows my name.
And the demon's name is Mallus.
Mallus.
Smashing.
Very handy, demon names.
Just what I need to cast
this Mallus wanker out.
Now, I don't know what you and your, uh,
dishy lot have gotten yourselves into,
but I suggest you
leave it to the experts.
So nice one for the tip.
I've got a girl to save.
Oh, not so fast. You said it yourself.
This is not just any demon,
and we've been fighting it
before you even knew its name.
And if this girl's connected to Mallus,
she might be able to
help us destroy him.
You wanna tag along for an exorcism?
Yep.
That's out of the bloody question, love.
Well, we gave you its
name. So you owe us.
Well, I gave you your soul.
So you owe me indefinitely.
Hmm, all the more reason
for me to help you.
[ROUSING MUSIC]
[ENGINES ROARING]
♪ ♪
If we're lucky, Mallus hasn't cemented
his control over the girl yet.
Well, if you're looking for luck,
you're on the wrong time ship.
How's about a light, then?
Ask Mick, if you want
your face burned off.
I'm doomed either way.
We're receiving a transmission
from the Time Bureau.
It's Agent Sharpe. Or
should I call her Ava?
Just put her on, Gideon.
Ava, hi.
Any progress with Rip?
Ugh, not yet.
I just wanted to let you know that
I'm still waiting to meet
with Director Bennett.
Unfortunately no one
here believes that Rip
was right about Mallus being real.
I've even been barred from visiting him
while he's incarcerated.
It's a whole mess of red tape.
Well, if anyone can get
through it, it's you.
Thanks, I could use a
little encouragement.
Well, I think what we could both use
is a glass of wine.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.
Uh, well, I... I'd better go.
So I will let you know
how things progress.
Bye.
Aww.
What?
First, I apologize for interrupting.
Second, that woman
clearly has a crush on you.
- Just don't.
- Come, come, Captain.
She called you for absolutely no reason.
It was just an excuse to talk to you.
Mmm-hmm.
Gideon, play back that last bit, please.
Gideon, don't.
[LAUGHS] Yeah.
Head down, eyes up, cheeks flushed.
Classic courtship signals.
Even if it was... And it is not...
We're completely different people.
I don't know, you're both strong women.
You're both obsessed
with repairing time.
You're both super hot.
Gay, not blind.
Look, Ava's the kind of girl
that you take home to your parents,
and I am the kind you
take to an exorcism.
[THUNDER CRACKS]
[TENSE MUSIC]
[MAN'S SCREAMING ECHOES]
♪ ♪
All right, we've landed.
Where did they move her?
Can't find anyone named Emily
in the admissions record.
Guys, be careful.
You're in an asylum with a demon.
It's a twofer of terror.
Give her an additional 4
milligrams of thiopental,
and prep her for another session.
That's her.
Oh, there she is.
Thank you, I can take it from here.
I mean, her from here.
I'm sorry, who are you?
I'm Doctor...
Yeah, I'm not doing this.
- [BLOW LANDS]
- [GROANS]
- [KICK LANDS]
- [GRUNTS]
Ah, nice one, love.
I'll make sure no one
else gets in our way.
Find a place for her,
and we'll rendezvous.
All right, now, uh, where
to perform an exorcism?
There's a vacant room in the east wing,
room 237.
237. Allons-y, Alonzo.
- [THUNDER RUMBLES]
- [ELECTRICITY SPUTTERING]
[WATER SLOSHING]
It's Kuasa.
I'll hold her off.
Go.
[DRAMATIC CHOIR MUSIC]
[WATER SLOSHING]
I don't wanna fight you.
- I just wanna talk.
- There is no time for talk.
I must protect the
moment she became his.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
♪ ♪
Emily, Emily, I need you to speak to me.
That's...
that's not my name.
Uh, guys?
That girl you're trying to save...
[BEEPING]
is Nora friggin' Darhk.
[EPIC MUSIC BROODS]
♪ ♪
This is Damien Darhk's daughter?
How is that even possible?
They changed her name.
Looks like after Darhk was
killed by the Green Arrow,
Nora was place in Child
Protective Services.
Demons prey on the most
vulnerable of souls.
This one, she lost her name, her family.
Okay, so if we exorcise Mallus,
we can stop the family
business before it takes off.
We need her alert for an exorcism.
Nora. Nora, love.
Ah, they've got her knocked out cold.
You guys, go hit up the pharmacy.
See if you can find some adrenaline.
- [GLASS BREAKS]
- [AMAYA GRUNTING]
Screw it.
I'm gonna help Amaya. You get the drugs.
Nate, take it.
- How do I use it?
- You pull the trigger.
Leo, we really need...
Yes, drugs, pronto. On it.
Nice one.
Oh, and uh,
see if you can find me a light, yeah?
Got it!
What?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
- [CRACK]
- [GROANS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[BLASTING]
Oh, that is a sensitive trigger.
Nate, don't!
[BUBBLING]
[BLASTING]
[ICE CRACKLING]
What did you do to her?
She was gonna kill you, Amaya.
Let's get your granddaughter
back on the ship
before she thaws out. [EXHALES]
I got the adrenaline, and what is this?
It's the Triangle of Solomon
with some elder runes
and Enochian script.
It's a trap of my own design.
Mallus will have no
chance of breaking free.
Now, I gotta warn you both.
Things are about to get a
little bit wonky in here.
Anything with an electrical current,
you might want to turn it off.
- [DEVICE BEEPS]
- Guys, we're going dark.
Good luck.
Give it a nudge, love.
[SOMBER DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[INJECTION HISSES]
[GASPING]
Who are you? Where am I?
It's okay, all right? You're safe.
Now, you told John here that
you heard voices in your head.
Can you tell us what they were saying?
Um...
[STAMMERING] The six.
- Six.
- Six, the six.
The number of the Beast.
Now, step aside, Lance.
It's okay.
♪ ♪
[INHALES]
I summon the demon Mallus.
I order you to come forth.
Step into the light!
[ELECTRICITY SPARKING]
[GASPS]
- [GASPING]
- [BONES CRACKING]
[PAINED GASPING]
[BROODING MUSIC]
- Nora...
- No, no, no!
That's not Nora.
[DEEP VOICE] I've been
expecting you, Sara Lance.
Soon you'll gaze upon my true face.
Soon you will inhabit my world.
Mallus, you tosspot. I see you.
Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus,
omnis incursio infernalis!
[CACKLES]
No, John.
[CHUCKLING]
[BONES CRACK]
Your tricks won't work on me!
Bloody hell.
- [ELECTRICAL WHOOSH]
- [BOTH GRUNT]
- Any ideas?
- [GROANS]
Those were my ideas.
Gaesta úr nemdai im baafed úr sháel!
She's preparing an incantation.
Maybe we should stop her.
Gaesta úr nemdai im baafed úr sháel.
[WHOOSH]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Emily?
Emily, are you all right?
[NORMAL VOICE] Th... They
were trying to help me,
but now he has them.
[ELECTRICAL WHOOSH]
[THE ZOMBIES' "TIME OF THE SEASON"]
♪ ♪
So, where are we, exactly?
Well, I think the
question is "when".
January 16th, 1969.
She sent us back in time.
Wait, is that Nora's doctor?
[WHISTLES]
Apparently her taste in
jewelry never changed.
But yeah, this is all a bit weird.
Can we get your, uh,
team to come pick us up?
We can't communicate across
time without special equipment.
You mean, we're stuck here?
♪ It's the time of the season for loving ♪
Well, we wouldn't wanna
stand out, now would we?
[MATCH CRACKS]
Bollocks.
Look, they still have the
same paintings on the walls.
That's how we send a message.
The picture of the blessed
virgin that fell off the wall
when Nora was possessed
would still be hanging now in 1969.
If we write the message on
the back of the painting,
then the Legends will find it in 2017.
Sure, as long as no one redecorates
for the next 50 years.
Fingers crossed.
[SPORTS CHATTER ON TV]
Mick, have you heard from
Sara or the rest of the team?
They're not answering on comms.
Well, that explains the peace and quiet.
It's fine, she's my granddaughter.
Yeah, well, tell that to your arm.
You two, take it outside.
It's week 16 of the division titles.
You know we're on a time ship, right?
- Hey, Gideon, who won the...
- No!
I haven't watched a live game
of football in three years.
I do not wanna know the score.
Sara, it's Ray. Do you copy?
Z, would you please tell her
talking to Kuasa is a bad idea?
- No.
- Thank you.
I refuse to accept that
my granddaughter is pure evil.
Fine, she's 89% evil.
Guys, I think Sara is in trouble.
Quiet!
Haircut, take the new girl.
Find Blondie, Fake
Snart, and Trenchcoat.
Amaya, the Med-Bay. Pretty, the library.
Water Bitche, stays in the freezer.
[ROUSING MUSIC]
♪ ♪
You know, Mick, you're really
showing some management potential.
Get out.
♪ ♪
[OFFICE PHONES RINGING]
You ready?
Bet you wish you'd finished programming
that gun we'd been working on.
If you don't shut up about that gun,
that demon's gonna be
the least of your...
Whoa.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Nate...
We haven't found Sara
or the rest of the team,
but we did find a strange symbol.
What's it look like?
Well, it looks like a circle
with a line above the circle,
and then there's like a U-shape
coming off of the circle.
A duck?
Welcome back to the 21st
century, you Luddites.
Incoming message from Ms. Tomaz.
[BEEPING]
What's it mean?
It's an ancient runic
symbol used by practitioners
of the dark arts for
temporal manipulation.
Oh, no.
Guys, I think Sara and Co.
got sucked into the timeline.
Gideon and I are gonna do some research
to figure out where
they're gonna get spit out.
Or we can just ask her.
[WHEELCHAIR SQUEAKING]
She is the one who cast the spell.
[GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ ♪
Hey, uh, don't touch the meatloaf.
You'll regret it. Trust me.
♪ ♪
This isn't my first time
in a place like this.
You know, I had this
roommate once who, um,
who thought I was her pet cat.
She would hide tuna fish
in my bed every night.
Yeah, I don't know what
was worse: the smell,
or the fact that she insisted
on calling me "Slinky."
♪ ♪
Friends of ours came
to see you last night.
They tried to help you.
- Where did you send them?
- I don't know.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
It was the demon.
He took over.
And I won't be able to
stop him the next time.
Then they'll lock me up somewhere else.
Put me on their drugs.
♪ ♪
No, no, they won't.
We're gonna get you out of here.
We can't take her out of here.
We're dealing with a D-E-M-O-N.
I'm not five. I know
how to spell "demon."
Places like this just
make people crazier,
more vulnerable.
Isn't it best we keep an eye on her?
We can't take her on the ship.
No, not the ship.
We need somewhere sunny and boring.
Oh, that's your jam, right?
That... [SOFT STAMMERING]
that is my jam.
We need to give this girl a chance.
Who knows, maybe she
won't grow up to hate us.
♪ ♪
Clear.
Sara... Sara...
You're getting closer, Sara.
Are you all right, love?
[BROODING MUSIC]
I'm fine. Come on.
We're almost at room 237.
[ELECTRICITY SPUTTERS]
They can't reach you.
Only I can.
[CHUCKLES]
Sara?
Nora?
Help me, Sara.
- Is that you?
- Please.
Help.
[SCREAMING]
Captain Lance! What is it?
- There's nothing there.
- It's Mallus.
Well, I told you
there'd be repercussions
for going to the dark side.
It leaves a trace.
Now that he's sniffed you out,
he'll wanna use you, too.
You can't let him break you.
We gotta get out of here.
Guard.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
The painting.
I'll put a message behind it.
I'll see to her then come and find you.
- All right.
- You gotta help me.
- He's coming for me.
- All right, come on.
♪ ♪
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
What do you think you're doing?
♪ ♪
Legends, we got dropped
through time from 2017
and are now trapped in the past.
The day is January 16th, 1969.
Come quick.
So you're a time traveler.
Would you believe I'm also
from an alternate Earth?
Of course you are.
Take him to the operating room.
♪ ♪
[SNARLING]
[INTENSE SCREAMING]
Hey, hey, hey. Come here, come here.
Hey, where are you
going? Here, stay with me.
- Stay with me.
- What's happening?
It's Mallus' trickery.
Fear, anger, he's using
your darkest emotions
to prime you for possession.
[INTENSE WHOOSHING]
He wants you to be afraid.
I need you to fight him, Sara.
[CHANTING]
[INTENSE MUSIC]
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
Feels like the mother of
all hangovers, don't it?
[BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
A shot of pickle juice
and a gin and tonic
will sort that right out.
Oh, I thought this was all over.
The blood lust, the fight for my soul,
all the crap that I've had to endure.
Well, there's always
more crap to endure.
Take it from one who's
damned his own soul to Hell.
[TENDER MUSIC]
There was a...
a girl in Newcastle.
Astra.
I failed her.
Some might say you
should forgive yourself.
[SOFT CHUCKLE]
Well, if I could, then
perhaps I wouldn't have
the need to save the likes of poor Nora.
What about you?
Have you forgiven
yourself for your sins?
I don't deserve forgiveness.
♪ ♪
[GROANS]
[SOFT WHOOSH]
What is that?
It's a little reminder that, uh,
you're a survivor.
Strong enough to keep even the
most powerful demons at bay.
A laundry room in a
mental asylum in 1969
might not be the worst
place to be stuck.
♪ ♪
Are we really this damaged?
I certainly hope so.
[THE ZOMBIES' "TIME OF THE SEASON"]
♪ ♪
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[ICE CRACKLING]
You must find the heir.
She needs your protection.
[BEEPING]
♪ ♪
[ICE CRINKLING]
[GASPS]
Are you okay?
What do you care, Nana Baa?
It's strange to be
called "grandmother."
If I've learned one thing,
it's that time travel can be maddening.
I can imagine.
If you have the power to change history
and you choose to do nothing...
I choose to protect people
from those who would prey upon them.
And what about your own people?
If you really cared about them,
you'd take this ship
back to Zambesi, 1992.
I can't interfere with our fate.
Then you are a coward.
[SOFT SCOFF]
Yet you were a wonderful grandmother.
I adored you, Nana Baa.
I wanted to be just like you.
Then one night, the men came.
Please, I can't know this.
I watched the men
murder you.
Then they burned our
village to the ground.
Mother ran with Mari.
She abandoned me.
No.
She thought you were dead.
I was alone
in a country ravaged by war.
I'm sorry, Kuasa.
I learned to embrace the pain,
using it to strike bargains
with powerful beings.
Like Damien Darhk?
What has he promised you?
Something you've refused.
A chance to protect our village.
A chance to save your life.
♪ ♪
[UPBEAT REGGAE MUSIC]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[REGGAE MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY]
A chance to go anywhere, and
she chooses a coffee shop?
She just wants to feel normal.
Hey, you okay?
Mmm, feels good to be in real clothes.
Yeah, tell me about it.
So, what are you gonna order?
Oh, um,
hot chocolate,
with whipped cream and caramel sauce.
Uh, we just got her off her meds.
Do you really wanna
get her hooked on sugar?
You know what? I think
I'll have a donut, too.
Nora, would you find us a seat, please?
♪ ♪
Thank you. [SIGHS]
We really gotta come up with a plan,
besides taking Mallus
to a coffee franchise.
Anything's better than
that insane asylum.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
No, no, no, you are
making a serious mistake.
I am not insane! I promise!
Miss, you don't know what you're doing.
I performed thousands of
transorbital lobotomies.
After we've finished,
your disease will be cured.
♪ ♪
- Who are you?
- We're also from the future.
And spoiler alert, you don't age well.
[BLOW LANDS]
They found the note.
And we need to find
another way out of here.
Okay, the symbol that Nora drew
was a time travel spell, right?
So why don't we just cast
the same spell and get out of here?
She was channeling the power of Mallus
when she cast that spell.
Not even I have that kind of juice.
I do.
You said that Mallus can use
me the way that he does Nora.
So you summon Mallus
into me, I draw the rune,
same as her, and we get to go home.
And what about when the
demon is inside you, eh?
You said I was strong
enough to hold my own self.
Yeah, well, I was...
Trying to seduce you.
Oh, please. I was seducing you.
I hope no one was
trying to seduce anyone
while I was about to be lobotomized.
You know, this is why
I like to work alone.
- Okay.
- Oh, okay.
It's a... it's a musical.
- Oh, this is an easy one.
- Oh, no, no, no.
Not this again. Ray, please don't sing.
- Please, please don't sing.
- [CLEARS THROAT]
♪ Oh what a beautiful morning ♪
♪ Oh what a beautiful day ♪
♪ I've got a beautiful feeling ♪
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
- That's... I... I can't.
- [LAUGHS]
You guys know this is
a state, too, right?
Yeah. Come on, my turn.
[BANTA'S "FOOL FOR LOVE" PLAYING]
We're live on News 52 with
the latest in the ongoing...
What, what is it?
Our city's beleaguered
mayor, Oliver Queen.
Mayor Queen is facing
trial for multiple murders
including that of Damien
Darhk two years ago,
following an attempt to destroy...
- We should go.
- Yeah.
Hey, let's get out of here, all right?
[BROODING MUSIC]
There's no place you can take me.
No place he won't find me.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Nora.
Nora, we... We know
you're still in there.
Hey, Nora, listen to us.
[DEEP VOICE] The girl is empty.
Long before you arrived, she was mine!
[PEOPLE GASPING]
♪ ♪
You have to fight him, Nora.
- [THWACKS]
- [PEOPLE GASPING]
[DEEP VOICE] She feels nothing.
[THWACKS]
[THWACKING]
She is nothing.
Okay, that's enough.
[STRUCTURAL RUMBLING]
[ELECTRICITY SPARKING]
Everyone, get out!
[SNARLS]
Let her go.
Your fight's not with her. It's with us.
There will be no fight.
[CRASHING]
[EPIC DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[YELPS]
♪ ♪
We need backup.
Nora's possessed.
Come on.
Push back.
[CRASHING]
We're trying, but we need help.
Where's the defense?
[ELECTRICITY SPARKING]
That's what we're asking you for.
Oh, tie game.
Third and goal.
- Here.
- Thanks.
[INDISTINCT TV CHATTER]
Have you seen Amaya?
She's talking to her
granddaughter-cicle.
[GAGS]
Wait, what?
You let her go in there?
[WHISTLING AND CHEERING]
It's fourth and goal!
Damn it, Mick!
What do you mean, you spoke
to one of our ancestors?
She came to me in a vision
and told me to protect
the new totem bearer.
I assumed she was talking about Zari,
but now I think she meant you.
You want to help me?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[BEEPING]
[DOORS WHIRRING]
♪ ♪
You're family.
[DOORS WHIRRHIG]
♪ ♪
- Get away from her.
- [GUN CHARGES]
Put the gun down, Nathaniel.
[WARBLING WHOOSH]
[GRUNTS]
[METAL CLANKS]
[GROANS]
And once you're under,
don't let the demon
coax you in any further.
You must outwill Mallus
and draw the temporal rune.
♪ ♪
Are you sure you wanna do this, love?
You wanna stay here forever?
[SOFT LAUGH]
The ash of a slain
phoenix will hold Mallus
within his parameter.
And we'll, uh, hasten his wake up call
by combining extract of hawk weed
with the saliva of a damned man.
[SPITS]
Which, sorry to say, love,
you'll have to ingest.
♪ ♪
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Let's summon this demon already.
All right.
♪ ♪
- [GROANS]
- [METAL CLANKING]
[WHOOSH]
[COUGHS]
- Let him go.
- [GUN CHARGES]
Ab intra, resurgemus daemonium!
[INTENSE WHOOSH]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[TENSE DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[SNARLING]
It's working.
[GIRL CRYING]
[GIRL WHIMPERING AND CRYING]
Somebody out there?
[CRYING CONTINUES]
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
What's going on? Why did she stop?
Come on, Sara. Finish it.
[GIRL CRYING]
♪ ♪
- [GIRL SNIFFLES]
- Nora?
[SNIFFLING]
He's possessing you, too.
I don't like what I'm doing out there.
I don't wanna hurt them.
Hurt who?
Listen to me.
You are not Mallus.
You are not a demon.
You are Nora Darhk.
[NECK CRACKS]
[DEEP VOICE] You think you can fool me?
[LAUGHS]
[GLASS SHATTERING]
[GRUNTS]
[SIZZLING]
You're one of the six.
I'm what?
[GASPS]
[WHOOSH]
[GLASS CRACKLING]
No!
[EPIC DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Look at me. It's not your fault.
But now you get to make a choice.
You don't have to
give into the darkness.
You can fight it.
Nora, I know, because
I fight it every day.
Can you do that, Nora?
Can you help me fight?
♪ ♪
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[GRUNTS]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
Hey, it's okay.
It's okay. Hey, it's over.
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[ITEMS CLATTERING]
[BROODING DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[OMINOUS WHOOSHING]
Anytime today would be good, love.
♪ ♪
[WHOOSH]
- Come on!
- We leaving?
- We leaving now?
- Grab an arm!
[INTENSE WHOOSHING]
[ELECTRICAL WHOOSH]
[ELECTRICAL WARBLING]
[ALL BREATHING HEAVILY]
Are we back?
She bloody did it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, don't do this to me.
Sara, come on, Sara. Come back to me.
Prove me wrong.
Oh, no.
You...
You should really see
your face right now.
[LAUGHS]
Get up. [EXHALES]
[WATER BUBBLING]
Kuasa, don't.
If you're gonna kill
me, pull the trigger.
At least you'll have done
something to change my fate.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[GUN POWERS DOWN]
[CHOKING]
He can help me save you.
So that I can go home.
Let him go.
You need him, too.
[GAGGING]
[PANTING]
[COUGHING]
[GASPING]
[COUGHS]
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
Don't disappoint me, Nana Baa.
[WHOOSHING]
[WATER SLOSHING]
♪ ♪
[HEAVY BREATHING]
I... I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to...
Nora, look. We know that wasn't you.
You have to know that,
and you have to believe that, too.
Hey, we're gonna find you a home.
Somewhere where people understand you.
Look no further.
[BROODING MUSIC]
I heard you guys were in
town, so I just had to stop by.
Da... Daddy?
Hi, honey.
♪ ♪
Nora, don't.
You're alive.
I... I missed you so much, Daddy.
Everyone's been so mean,
and every place I've
gone has been terrible,
but they... they kept me safe.
Your friends lied to you.
They're afraid of what you are.
You see, Mallus is no demon.
He's your savior.
Do you remember how he made you feel?
The power?
One day you'll use that
power to bring me back to you.
You just have to accept him.
Nora, look, I know it's hard,
but don't listen to him.
Look, you still have a chance...
[INTENSE WHOOSHING]
Come to me.
That's right, my darling.
Come to Daddy.
♪ ♪
Now, we're gonna have to
part for a little while.
But I know someone who's
gonna give you a home.
A place where they
understand your power.
[EPIC DRAMATIC MUSIC]
But...
The Order and I will
help you work with Mallus
so that you can bring
your father back for good.
Come on.
♪ ♪
I know.
Family reunions can really suck.
[SOFT CHUCKLE]
- Whoop.
- [WHOOSHING]
[CHUCKLES]
[CHANTING]
[GROANS]
How many times do I have
to tell you I'm fine?
Well, somehow you
managed to channel a demon
of the highest order,
and you didn't succumb.
Sara's strong.
She's the strongest person I know.
Hmm.
Hey, when Nora was possessed by Mallus,
he seemed scared of my totem.
He said that I was "one of the six."
And that bastard doesn't fear much.
If your totem gave him the frights,
maybe these trinkets are
the keys to stopping him.
So much for our anti-magic nanite gun.
I only know about five totems.
There's my Spirit,
your Air, Kuasa's Water.
And then there's
Earth, and there's Fire.
But could there be more?
I'll do some digging.
I have, uh, numerous
contacts I can draw on.
Well, this has been, uh, weird.
Even for me.
Well, I'll be on my way, then.
[SOFT DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Hey, before you go, I, uh...
I just wanted to say thank you.
For helping me with Mallus, that is.
Oh, of course.
Uh, helping you with Mallus
was, uh, good for me, too.
If you ever need me to
help you with Mallus again,
just give us a call.
I'll be right there.
Although, there are
lots of people out there
with very weird demons,
and they all need my help.
Mmm, I understand.
- Good.
- And thanks for the shag, too.
That was great.
[QUIRKY MUSIC]
Huh.
Oh, Ray. Big man.
Do us a favor, uh...
give us a hand with the
cargo door, will you?
[DOOR WHIRRING]
It's actually a pretty
intuitive design mechanism.
Uh, basic open-close functionality.
I know how to open the damn door, mate.
Now, what's this about
an anti-magic gun?
Oh, uh, I was gonna put it in storage.
Well, don't.
You keep it near by.
You said so yourself,
the key to stopping
Mallus are the totems.
It could be.
But in the meantime, you may need a more
accessible solution for
a more familiar target.
Sara may not know it, but
the demon's power, it
lives inside of her.
If... or more like
when she succumbs to it,
you're gonna need that gun.
- [MATCH STRIKES]
- [PA BEEPS]
As always, this is a
non-smoking aircraft.
Uh, don't worry, Gideon, sweetheart.
[PLAYFUL DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I'll see you around, Squire.
[COUGHS]
That guy's cool.
Of the highlights so far,
there was the interception by...
Hello, friend.
Would you mind, uh, turning
that off for a second?
[INDISTINCT TV CHATTER]
Off.
Okay, um,
just wanted to say I'm grateful.
Grateful I was allowed to tag
along with you and the Legends.
It was...
it was an experience, and, uh...
- an education.
- Likewise.
I'm proud to know you, and...
This is hard.
This is me saying goodbye.
[TENDER MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Take care of yourself, Mick.
You too.
You know he's still watching TV, right?
I wasn't watching T...
Just a little bit.
On that note, Captain Lance.
I'm going home.
I'm gonna ask Ray to marry me.
- Ray?
- My Ray, not your Ray.
Wow. That is a bold move.
It is.
It just feels like it's
time to sign up for a...
Different kind of adventure?
A different kind of adventure, exactly.
Snart... I mean, Leo.
See you around.
I'll see you around.
♪ ♪
Gideon, can you get me
a line on Ava, please?
Yes, Captain.
Would you like some privacy as well?
Cheeky bot.
Captain Lance, I was
just about to call you.
Really? I mean, cool.
'Cause, uh, I just
wanted to compare notes,
and I thought that maybe if you'd like
to come to the ship...
There's no time.
I finally got through
the bureau's red tape,
and it seems Director
Hunter has escaped.
What?
Well, where is he?
We have no idea.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --